README.md, before:

# HappiScope: Interactive Visualization of Global Happiness Metrics (COM-480 Data Visualization)

| Student's name | SCIPER |
| :------------: | :----: |
|   Chang Jin    | 403930 |
|  Rizhong Lin   | 366842 |
|   Anlan Wang   | 403909 |

This repository contains the work for the COM-480 Data Visualization project, HappiScope.

**Quick Links:**

- [**Live Website**](https://com-480-data-visualization.github.io/HappiScope/)
- [Milestone 1 Details](./Milestone1/README.md)
- [Milestone 2 Details](./Milestone2/README.md)
  - [Milestone 2 Report](./Milestone2/COM_480_Milestone_2.pdf)
- [Milestone 3 Details](./Milestone3/README.md)
- [Data Folder](./data/)
- [Website Source Code (Docs)](./docs/)

## Project Overview

HappiScope aims to create an interactive web-based platform for visualizing the World Happiness Report data (2015-2024) alongside related socioeconomic indicators like HDI and population. The goal is to provide an intuitive interface for users to explore global happiness trends, understand contributing factors, analyze correlations, and discover geographic or temporal patterns.

## Milestones

### [Milestone 1 (21st March, 5pm)](./Milestone1/README.md)

**(10% of the final grade)**

Details regarding the project introduction, dataset description, problematic, exploratory data analysis, related work, and initial planning can be found in the [Milestone 1 README](./Milestone1/README.md).

### [Milestone 2 (18th April, 5pm)](./Milestone2/README.md)

**(10% of the final grade)**

Details regarding the progress update, core component descriptions, and planned enhancements can be found in the [Milestone 2 README](./Milestone2/README.md). The full report submitted for this milestone is available as [`COM_480_Milestone_2.pdf`](./Milestone2/COM_480_Milestone_2.pdf) in the `Milestone2` folder.

### [Milestone 3 (30th May, 5pm)](./Milestone3/README.md)

**(80% of the final grade)**

Details for the final submission will be added to the [Milestone 3 README](./Milestone3/README.md) upon completion.

## Late Policy

- < 24h: 80% of the grade for the milestone
- < 48h: 70% of the grade for the milestone

Commit message:

add website address to readme

README.md, after:

# HappiScope: Interactive Visualization of Global Happiness Metrics (COM-480 Data Visualization)

| Student's name | SCIPER |
| :------------: | :----: |
|   Chang Jin    | 403930 |
|  Rizhong Lin   | 366842 |
|   Anlan Wang   | 403909 |

This repository contains the work for the COM-480 Data Visualization project, HappiScope.

**Quick Links:**

- [**Live Website**](https://com-480-data-visualization.github.io/HappiScope/)
- [Milestone 1 Details](./Milestone1/README.md)
- [Milestone 2 Details](./Milestone2/README.md)
  - [Milestone 2 Report](./Milestone2/COM_480_Milestone_2.pdf)
- [Milestone 3 Details](./Milestone3/README.md)
- [Data Folder](./data/)
- [Website Source Code (Docs)](./docs/)

## Project Overview

HappiScope aims to create an interactive web-based platform for visualizing the World Happiness Report data (2015-2024) alongside related socioeconomic indicators like HDI and population. The goal is to provide an intuitive interface for users to explore global happiness trends, understand contributing factors, analyze correlations, and discover geographic or temporal patterns.

## Milestones

### [Milestone 1 (21st March, 5pm)](./Milestone1/README.md)

**(10% of the final grade)**

Details regarding the project introduction, dataset description, problematic, exploratory data analysis, related work, and initial planning can be found in the [Milestone 1 README](./Milestone1/README.md).

### [Milestone 2 (18th April, 5pm)](./Milestone2/README.md)

**(10% of the final grade)**

Details regarding the progress update, core component descriptions, and planned enhancements can be found in the [Milestone 2 README](./Milestone2/README.md). The full report submitted for this milestone is available as [`COM_480_Milestone_2.pdf`](./Milestone2/COM_480_Milestone_2.pdf) in the `Milestone2` folder. Our live website prototype can be found at [https://com-480-data-visualization.github.io/HappiScope/](https://com-480-data-visualization.github.io/HappiScope/)

### [Milestone 3 (30th May, 5pm)](./Milestone3/README.md)

**(80% of the final grade)**

Details for the final submission will be added to the [Milestone 3 README](./Milestone3/README.md) upon completion.

## Late Policy

- < 24h: 80% of the grade for the milestone
- < 48h: 70% of the grade for the milestone
